Deprecate AC documentation (#2068)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-airflow-versions.md

    <pre><code parentName="pre">{`FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:${siteVariables.runtimeVersion}`}</code></pre>

>     For a list of currently supported Astronomer images, see [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a list of supported Astro Runtime versions, see [Astro Runtime maintenance and lifecycle policy](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule).
```

  :::warning

  After you upgrade your Airflow version, you can't revert to an earlier version.

  :::

> 1. Optional. Test your upgrade on your local machine by running:

Reviewer: Double check steps here
